source/code/index.markdown, before:

---
layout: page
title: "Code / Projects"
comments: false
sharing: false
footer: false
---

A selection of my projects that I created, either for work, for hack days, or for personal interest.

More of my code can be found on [GitHub](https://github.com/cbetta).

## PayPal Wishlist (work)

[{% img left /code/paypal.png 150 %}](https://paypal.com/)

[Website](https://paypal.com/)

The PayPal Wishlist web app was a marketing project by PayPal UK and PayPal NL, allowing anyone to specify their Christmas wish list and possibly win it entirely. Working with PayPal was a pleasure and dealing with the amazing amount of interest they generated, and the accompanied scaling issues, was extremely interesting.

<div style='clear: both;' ></div>

## CharityBox

[{% img left /code/charitybox.png 150 %}](https://twitter.com/charityboxapp)

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/charityboxapp) |
[News article](http://blog.justgiving.com/community/charityhack-2010/)

Winner of [CharityHack 2010](http://charityhack.org/). CharityBox is a browser extension and web app that allows anyone to raise money for their selected charities without having to spend any money. Currently being refactored for relaunch in 2013.

<div style='clear: both;' ></div>

## Trifle (Ruby Gem)

[{% img left /code/trifle.png 150 %}](https://rubygems.org/gems/trifle)

[Website](https://rubygems.org/gems/trifle) |
[Source](https://github.com/EmberAds/trifle)

A super fast GeoIP country lookup in Redis using the GeoIP CSVs from [maxmind.com](http://www.maxmind.com/app/geolite). Build for use at [EmberAds](http://emberads.com).

<div style='clear: both;' ></div>

## A mobile history of the world in 100 objects

[{% img left /code/ahotw.png 150 %}](http://ahotw.cgb.im)

[Website](http://ahotw.cgb.im) | [Source](https://github.com/cbetta/ahotw)

A mobile version of the History of the World in 100 Objects site. Build in Symfony and jQuery mobile. Winner of the London History Hackday 2011. Rewritten in Rails in 2012.

<div style='clear: both;' ></div>

## Histogram Bookmarklet

[{% img left /code/histogram.png 150 %}](http://histogram.cgb.im)

[Website](http://histogram.cgb.im) | [Source](https://github.com/cbetta/histogram)

A bookmarklet and app that generates histograms for any photo on the web. Written in Javascript and Sinatra.

<div style='clear: both;' ></div>

## The HackDay Manifesto

[{% img left /code/manifesto.png 150 %}](http://hackdaymanifesto.com)

[Website](http://hackdaymanifesto.com/) |
[Source](https://github.com/hackdaymanifesto/hackdaymanifesto.github.com)

The HackDay Manifesto is a project set up by the Geeks of London community to help new HackDay organisers understand the essentials needed to run a successful HackDay.

<div style='clear: both;' ></div>

## Super Simple Secret Santa Service

[{% img left /code/santa.png 150 %}](http://santa.cgb.im)

[Website](http://santa.cgb.im) |
[Source](https://github.com/cbetta/santa)

A simple app for selecting who has who during the Christmas secret santa in our family. "That piece of software" that I pretty much keep rewriting every other year with new coding skills applied.

Commit message:

Add json-bloomfilter to projects

source/code/index.markdown, after:

---
layout: page
title: "Code / Projects"
comments: false
sharing: false
footer: false
---

A selection of my projects that I created, either for work, for hack days, or for personal interest.

More of my code can be found on [GitHub](https://github.com/cbetta).

## PayPal Wishlist (work)

[{% img left /code/paypal.png 150 %}](https://paypal.com/)

[Website](https://paypal.com/)

The PayPal Wishlist web app was a marketing project by PayPal UK and PayPal NL, allowing anyone to specify their Christmas wish list and possibly win it entirely. Working with PayPal was a pleasure and dealing with the amazing amount of interest they generated, and the accompanied scaling issues, was extremely interesting.

<div style='clear: both;' ></div>

## CharityBox

[{% img left /code/charitybox.png 150 %}](https://twitter.com/charityboxapp)

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/charityboxapp) |
[News article](http://blog.justgiving.com/community/charityhack-2010/)

Winner of [CharityHack 2010](http://charityhack.org/). CharityBox is a browser extension and web app that allows anyone to raise money for their selected charities without having to spend any money. Currently being refactored for relaunch in 2013.

<div style='clear: both;' ></div>

## Serialisable (JSON) Bloom Filter (Ruby Gem)

[{% img left /code/json-bloomfilter.png 150 %}](https://rubygems.org/gems/json-bloomfilter)

[Website](https://rubygems.org/gems/json-bloomfilter) |
[Source](https://github.com/cbetta/json-bloomfilter)

A bloom filter implementation in Ruby and Javascript that is serialisable to JSON and compatible between both languages. Very useful when needing to train a bloom filter in one language and using it in the other.

<div style='clear: both;' ></div>

## Trifle (Ruby Gem)

[{% img left /code/trifle.png 150 %}](https://rubygems.org/gems/trifle)

[Website](https://rubygems.org/gems/trifle) |
[Source](https://github.com/EmberAds/trifle)

A super fast GeoIP country lookup in Redis using the GeoIP CSVs from [maxmind.com](http://www.maxmind.com/app/geolite). Build for use at [EmberAds](http://emberads.com).

<div style='clear: both;' ></div>

## A mobile history of the world in 100 objects

[{% img left /code/ahotw.png 150 %}](http://ahotw.cgb.im)

[Website](http://ahotw.cgb.im) | [Source](https://github.com/cbetta/ahotw)

A mobile version of the History of the World in 100 Objects site. Build in Symfony and jQuery mobile. Winner of the London History Hackday 2011. Rewritten in Rails in 2012.

<div style='clear: both;' ></div>

## Histogram Bookmarklet

[{% img left /code/histogram.png 150 %}](http://histogram.cgb.im)

[Website](http://histogram.cgb.im) | [Source](https://github.com/cbetta/histogram)

A bookmarklet and app that generates histograms for any photo on the web. Written in Javascript and Sinatra.

<div style='clear: both;' ></div>

## The HackDay Manifesto

[{% img left /code/manifesto.png 150 %}](http://hackdaymanifesto.com)

[Website](http://hackdaymanifesto.com/) |
[Source](https://github.com/hackdaymanifesto/hackdaymanifesto.github.com)

The HackDay Manifesto is a project set up by the Geeks of London community to help new HackDay organisers understand the essentials needed to run a successful HackDay.

<div style='clear: both;' ></div>

## Super Simple Secret Santa Service

[{% img left /code/santa.png 150 %}](http://santa.cgb.im)

[Website](http://santa.cgb.im) |
[Source](https://github.com/cbetta/santa)

A simple app for selecting who has who during the Christmas secret santa in our family. "That piece of software" that I pretty much keep rewriting every other year with new coding skills applied.
